A) Yes
coach will have to wait
is now headed to recreate check gather data redecard
work and maintain contacts with the farc
cd I want to thank
synthesis the series equipment is the pit
for santamaría
the environment of 1 we are here with chatting
santamaría as it sounds in my mind
they could cost you
tell us loving
the county about the 1st the environment what it means for the world to the
world means that it is something very important for the planet not
since it is one of the points with two of which
in his experience in various
and now this is just one of the places to nation of the planet
to which
or from which it radiates towards all the beings that inhabit it
be it the same planet
healing
Spiritual io matter depends
of what is necessary the treatment
As a dessert, the people who come to this sanction work
in each person work individually and this was good
these places are coming
finally a plenum is summoned a deflation is found
and is that someday he decides what is coming and versatile for
besides for what
continue your way
and in that way also for other people not only himself but also at
be a reflection a testimony
for others what happened to him
kid another can wake up and yasem the same search
to get where we're going in the best possible way
they are beginning with a vast just nation the plan
I love my severe physics if the spirit of these companies does not
you do not need internal elections in action
in our body covenant in its unique form
9 drenthe but night but do not process it percent kazan
suddenly we realize that that simple
I repeat never ceased
we
physically
iii our energy field is wanted to be
inside our mind also yes yes totally not
rightly another 20 that has hurt so much in the contest
something municipalities and councils of lulac victim each but the opinion but
do not
before and that is because
I realized the vendetta wagered is so big
Kidman this inn is a unique natural place of spiritual recovery
survey all inside what they will surely do
i that place where you can go to find yourself
in other situations than one
It depends on each one
and it is not like that of us to be able to be another person who is
a bad man that disagreement that can have for wages to bore to be
to highlight
and good for
helping others especially in the cinema is everything
one of these places is paid woke up to be able to make other spies
says also
in an entire era of internet
to de-stress yourself
people want peace they still have things to say
efe in fact definite something happens since the injury does not appear
God knows everyone what happens
in this sense this day is special hundred
the writers
but that they were alive
it's a whole process that is like that
I came because something is wrong
if so, the uniformed
finally sentenced
of circulation called
Exterior
of God
we must be superior who wants
in this context it is understood
Having a relationship for some reason is not always a reason or it can be your being
same as he who makes it a place in which they must
is going to develop the vat not only lacked by being awake awake
my intention is always as mayors and the batteries
so far with with against the new state similar to what the eees
to go out again and and keep doing what you have to do
all this is very crazy very difficult a mysterious accessory
ministry who has gone forward
because nobody knows him
then it is what keeps a little in it
the living essence that what they
the true god is not serious efe who told us that it was and that is not so
what is the bond that with the pious father
He detailed that his weapons of war
Padre Pio is the tree that covers the forests
this sport we came to sing the foot did not exist be
here and another one collapses and I walk with the celestial one
diego of it and I wish that success we have seen that they do not know
there's a lot to talk about in the Senate
in previous days in this same environment there were even that have
been in some way near
another person who were public and
I can be here even in a report recently
verlander tigers and they looked to come in this matter
a wonderful being and a man who identified himself
the next appointment on another plane doing nothing
siiiii simone I see it as crazy if it continues and if that neighbor in air
exhaled
that yes all that guy and you need the airport was
between each one can say what feels that what is worth and what can not
bear and affirm that after
Besides, the opportunity does not matter what you want, you do not know if you should not
serve not for me
everything does one by one
to cause the flames
when you make a change you get attitude
he always does it to vote in a referendum to give him up for adoption
this transfer for growth was finally selected
If they are a process of teaching to teach, learn to
to stop in Iran
not for the telethon is imminent according to privacy does not exist
a greeting has told me about the serene a donor to abrogate the year
179 stores
the manager
there thanks to them these beings are also very direct mixed and jocular and
and yes, but we
This is God when soto suffer in the eyes
we left and do not go
the one that put parts show a portentous meters added area where
are
psp that our grandparents or our grandparents created with us in this way
politically we did not know and quique still done
he was participating
p in
in what yes according to
as we are in this moment we were going to get married
despite all who is reunited
I believe in you and iu
an approach always site of interest
he tried more another gift
an affinity between people who come together hundred
he remembered the songs he composed with the others nadal
of connection with the stock of houses of form the company